initial allpowers integration docs (#29237)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/allpowers.markdown

---
title: Allpowers
description: Instructions on how to set up Allpowers Devices.
ha_category:
  - Energy
  - Plug
  - Switch

> ha_release: 0.78

Reviewer: This seems kinda impossible 😉 

Let's make the version more realistic.

ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_codeowners:
  - '@madninjaskillz'
ha_domain: switchbot
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_platforms:
  - light
  - sensor

>   - switch

Reviewer: Initial PRs cannot contain multiple platforms.

ha_config_flow: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The Allpowers integration allows you to control and interogate Allpowers [devices](http://iallpowers.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Allpowers integration allows you to control and interrogate Allpowers [devices](http://iallpowers.com/).
```

## Prerequisites

> In order to use this integration, it is required to have working [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) set up on the device running Home Assistant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this integration, it is required to have a working [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) set up on the device running Home Assistant. 
```

> Please note, device names configured in the Allpowers app are not transferred into Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note device names configured in the Allpowers app are not transferred into Home Assistant.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Supported Devices

> - [S300 Portable Power Station](https://uk.iallpowers.com/products/allpowers-300w-288wh-portable-power-station-s300)
> All other S series Powerstations should be supported but have not been tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [S300 Portable Power Station](https://uk.iallpowers.com/products/allpowers-300w-288wh-portable-power-station-s300)

All other S series Powerstations should be supported but have not been tested.
```
